[DOCS] Adds content to highlights docs (#142419)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/whats-new.asciidoc

you can add a red line to signify where “now” is on time series visualizations.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/highlights-vis-time.png[Visualization showing a red line that indicates the current time, width="75%"]

[discrete]
==== Collapse by option

Let’s say you’re creating a partition chart with sampled data, such as metrics,
and want to break down the last values from each reporting dimension, such as hosts.
You can now use the new *Collapse by* option to break down and summarize the
result of each last value from hosts without displaying the detailed reporting dimension.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/highlights-vis-collapse.png[Collapse by option for breaking down and summarizing the last value, width="75%"]

[discrete]
[[highlights-8.5-maps]]
=== Maps &mdash; hide tooltips

Tooltips display when you hover over a document or cluster in a map.
Don't want to show them? Turn them off with
the new *Show tooltips* toggle in *Layer settings*.

[role="screenshot"]
image::https://images.contentstack.io/v3/assets/bltefdd0b53724fa2ce/blt553f1d51649d508d/63445a7f2a8d0a11633dbb8f/highlights-maps.gif[Show tooltips control in Layer settings]

> [discrete]

Author: @lcawl can you please review the sections. on machine learning and cases?

Reviewer: Yup, we might add another blurb, but this LGTM for now.

[discrete]
==== Log pattern analysis

You can now select a data view and message field,
apply optional filters, and then run on-demand categorization analysis.
Messages that are similar are grouped using the same underlying algorithms
as a machine learning categorization job. The distribution of the documents in each category
are highlighted on the main chart. You can then open *Discover*,
use one or more of these categories as a filter to view the matching documents,
and continue your investigation.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/highlights-ml-log-analysis.png[Chart showing the distribution of documents in each cateogry]

[discrete]
==== Locations of anomalous results in Maps

This release adds a link to *Maps* in the *Anomaly Explorer* and *Single Metric Viewer*
for any anomalies where the source data contains geo fields,
even if the analysis does not use the location field directly.
View the anomaly on the map by following the link.
For example, view the location of a client making an unusually high number of
requests that failed with a ‘page not found’ 404 error.

[role="screenshot"]

> image::https://images.contentstack.io/v3/assets/bltefdd0b53724fa2ce/blt6af384c924ab4f13/634453fe4a80ba11acd3c9c1/highlights-ml-lens.gif[Viewing anomalies on a map]

Author: @lcawl this is a gif that isn't working.  If we can't use it, can you please proved a screenshot that shows the maps link.

Reviewer: I'll follow up with @grabowskit but for now I'm fine with omitting it.

The UI builds on previous releases, which introduced the ability for users
to customize their avatars by selecting an image or color.
Avatars add visual help in easily identifying and disambiguating users.

The assignees and their avatars show up in each case.
They also now appear in the central *Cases* view that lists all existing
cases in Observability, Elastic Security, and Stack Management.
On this view, you can easily filter through the cases assigned to you and all other users.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/highlights-cases-view.png[Cases view listing that lists all assigned users]

[discrete]
==== User search

You can now search for users by their full name,
username, or email as part of the case assignment flow.
{kib} users from all authentication realms are searchable, if
they accessed {kib} at least once. On first access,
{kib} creates a user profile and surfaces it in the user search results.

The user search UI includes auto-complete and search highlights.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/highlights-cases-user-search.png[User search view with auto-complete, highlights, user avatars, user email, width="75%"]

> User search adheres to {kib} RBAC. Users who do not have access to *Cases* within the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User search adheres to {kib} role-based access control. Users who do not have access to *Cases* within the
```

> space will not surface in the results.

Reviewer: There's finer detail elsewhere, so I think we should add a link:
```suggestion
space will not surface in the results. For more details, go to <<setup-cases>>.
```
